Pin docutils>=0.17 and publish pydoctor version 22.5.1 (#561)
twisted/pydoctor: README.rst

in development
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

pydoctor 22.5.1
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> * Pin ``docutils>=0.17`` to avoid crashing with ``AttributeError`` when processing type fields.
> 

Reviewer: By "pinning" I understand requiring a very specific version.

This is just requiring a minimum version.

```suggestion
* ``docutils>=0.17`` is now the minimum supported version. This was done to fix crashing with ``AttributeError`` when processing type fields.

```
